Question 1 (Lab 0 - not evaluated):
Pancake Sorting

Question 2 (Lab 1 - evaluated):
Given an unsorted array arr[] of length N and an integer K, count the occurrences (or frequency) of K in the given array using the Divide and Conquer method. Note that, minimum length of the array is 100


Question 3 (Lab 2 - evaluated):
Implement quick Sort using 2 pivot elements

Question 4 (Lab 3 - not evaluated):


Question 5 (Lab 4 - evaluated):
Longest Palindromic Subsequence


Question 6 (Lab 5 - evaluated):
Use greedy approach to find the minimum number of subarrays in an array such that sum of all subarrays is >=0 and all positive numbers are included in the subarrays. You can exclude any negative number in the final subarrays. For example:

Array = {1, 2, 3, -4,-5, 8, -6, 7, 9, 1, -100, -99, 1}
Minimum subarray count = 2 (Subarrays: {1,2,3-4,-5,8,-6,7,9,1}, {1}) -> (Excluded -99 and -100 from final answer)


Question 7 (Lab 6 - not evaluated):
You are given a binary tree in which each node contains a value. Design an algorithm to
print all paths which sum up to that value. Note that it can be any path in the tree - it does not
have to start at the root.


Question 8 (Lab 7 - not evaluated):
Mr. G. works as a tourist guide. His current assignment is to take some tourists from one city to
another. Some two-way roads connect the cities. For each pair of neighboring cities there is a bus
service that runs only between those two cities and uses the road that directly connects them. Each
bus service has a limit on the maximum number of passengers it can carry. Mr. G. has a map showing
the cities and the roads connecting them. He also has the information regarding each bus service. He
understands that it may not always be possible for him to take all the tourists to the destination city
in a single trip. For example, consider the following road map of 7 cities. The edges connecting the
cities represent the roads and the number written on each edge indicates the passenger limit of the bus
service that runs on that road.

Now, if he wants to take 99 tourists from city 1 to city 7, he will require at least 5 trips and the
route he should take is : 1 - 2 - 4 - 7.
But, Mr. G. finds it difficult to find the best route all by himself so that he may be able to take all
the tourists to the destination city in minimum number of trips. So, he seeks your help.


Question 9 (Lab 8 - evaluated):
Implement Bellman Ford Algorithm
